Zhao Zipeng
Rat Cannon, what are you doing?
Fuck you stinky bitch
I've been chasing you for so long, you dare to refuse
Do you really think the charter can protect you all the time?
Hmph, I won't let you taste it
I'm afraid I don't know how many catties I have
You two press it for me
Can't get you
Then I can only destroy it
Wait until I'm done
I'll let you two play too
Ok bro
Zhang Zipeng, you bastard
If Zhang Cheng found out, he would never let you go
Zhang Cheng, Zhang Cheng's death is coming
Zhang Cheng is you again, there is a way to heaven, you don't go
Hell has no way to escape
Zhao Zilong, you are really a beast
You think if you hug a rich woman, no one will dare to touch you, right?
The rich woman is not with you today
Let's just hate one piece of salary, it's up to you